In a topology like this we had to configure spanning tree H.S. IP link aggregation and other technologies
to try and optimize the way that this topology works.
As an example we made a switch one route for some of V lands and then we made a switch to the route
for other v lands.
So we managed to optimize a layer to forwarding by optimizing spanning tree but then to optimize the
routing in this topology we had to configure H.S. IP and then configure switch one of the eight U.S.
IP primary for the same villains as the as the router switch.
In other words if switch one is the spending tree router for VLAN 10 then we had to make it to the HSR
IP primary router for V Line 10.
So in other words we had to optimize both spanning tree as well as a just IP to make sure that they
are aligned.
In other words if so which one is the spending tree root for VLAN 10 we don't want to make a switch
to the H.S. IP primary router for VLAN 10 we want to match them up to optimize the forwarding.
So there's a lot of additional work that you need to do here.
You need to configure spanning tree you need to configure HS IP you need to configure link aggregation
you've got to match it all up.
It's not very efficient.
Is there a better way of doing this.